hey everybody it's in see gamer I don't
know what you're tuned into I honestly
cannot give you an accurate description
um i'm just gonna turn this volume all
the way okay it's literally 130 am on
the third day of november and i'm moving
here um it's the movie starts in about
less than six hours i just woke up from
a dream in which dinner bone had just
tweeted at me um and after that that was
pretty cool that started out the dream
really cool but then when I got off my
phone I got on minecraft and I was
playing with medley from wind waker and
we found a sign that said wind temple
and like it pointed a direction and so
we were we we jumped inside a giant
porcelain duck and we we sailed off on i
can see if carpet it was like a giant
hallway oh man i could I couldn't hear
that I'm gonna get inside it is
dangerous down here oh my first kicking
on hold on I'm gonna come back and I
know the Saudi quality is terrible i'm
sorry everything is packed my entire
puter all my stuff I'm doing this on my
laptop literally sitting in my bed right
now because I wanted to say something do
you guys don't think but i'll be back
after the furnace is done blowing its
steam be right back okay Oh little bit
of lag a little bit of fraps lag Oh mmm
should I wait to talk one sec right now
they go it cleared up so anyway was I
saying all right okay so I had I just
woken up from this dream featuring me
and metal Eon a giant porcelain duck and
it was really weird and I woke up and I
tweeted about it and I got some
responses and people were saying I wish
I had dreams like that and stuff like
that and it just kind of all hit me as
I'm sitting here uh just talking into a
microphone over
video game that this is kind of my life
and my my work and I couldn't have done
it without you guys and I'm extremely
grateful and I sound pry really dorky
right now especially because I'm just
you know there's there's nothing in here
this there's like almost no technology
and I'm so unused to it inside my house
usually I'm like swimming and like all
of us you know mumbo jumbo and I don't
feel so weird talking you a microphone
but just sitting in my bed I like a
little laptop yeah it's it's really
weird and yeah I wouldn't have it any
other will edit any other way so I just
Wanda make this video first of all say
how much I really care about you guys
and just that you guys are making this
possible tomorrow I'm going to be
working for most of the day on moving
every single piece of that I belonging
that I own and that includes a bright
orange suit to my new house and to think
that every day I'm going to get to wake
up and I'm going to start making YouTube
videos and when I'm done making YouTube
videos put on that orange suit get in
front of the webcam and do some
streaming you know whether it be wind
waker with Nedley and no porcelain duck
butter it's going to be absolutely
fantastic I can't wait to do more work
here on the minecraft server get this
place looking even prettier yes like
this is going to be it's it so it's so
amazing and I hope you guys continue
support me I know yeah that's thing
about you too it's like you can't
guarantee people are gonna like you
forever but the support I've been shown
it I have good hopes that's the reason
I'm doing this big move that I'm muting
it all of his weight I can't make this
video much longer because I had little
hansa brenda sat on slabs and get it
uploaded I don't even know man oh you
know why I'm making this video I hope it
it comes across the message that I
wanted to I just want it to be a kind of
a hey audience I kind of just met you in
the past few months and this is crazy
but I'm gonna make videos for you
forever so what triads maybe no you get
what I'm saying now it's it's gonna be
it's gonna be quite the trip I have to
say I'm quite excited that we get to
make this journey together and I'm sure
every video is gonna be better than this
one this one probably prep quality but
yeah and I had to go back to sleep now i
have to wake up enough c4 and a half
hours and i have to put like Taytay to
unplug my TV and put this on top inside
a basket that's it then Michael be here
and we're gonna move everything and if
you haven't been following my twitter
first law article and you do that
there's a blanket size description but
other than that um my internet will be
hooked up on wednesday and i'm getting
faster internet so business class
essentials is what it's called and it's
now ago business class this is it's my
business now booboo in are doing its
we're doing this with the trackpad boo
boo boo boo's my fingers like doing all
the expression and inside my brain right
now and my foots falling asleep because
this laptops right on top of it um
internet will be on wednesday it's gonna
be fantastic i have videos said to
upload all the way until then including
a couple minecraft episodes kabul haters
no more offering time i'm out of
offering time i'm sorry that you guys
have away for that but hey the wii was
one of the first things like packed so
it's it's there's no chance of getting
any more out of that what else do I have
I have a few more videos I hope I've
some surprise no ultimate minor I could
not get out in autumn minor I sincerely
apologize about that but a silver said
he wouldn't be done in time and it
wouldn't matter cuz I would if I would
have had to been all packed by the time
he was probably to be done any lights
though
we'll get that out so I'm sorry about
the lack of wealth of minor but once
once i'm all moved in i am around
wednesday everything's going to start
game back to normal and i plan on doing
a big epic stream once i'm fully online
and ready to go we're going to do a big
stream right there looks minecraft will
do a marathon will go 12 hour marathon
will do will do six hours minecraft six
hours to seven to eight hours of window
i'll do a speed run and probably fail so
I'm like a blind how about that that
sounds good tell your friends so i hope
this video wasn't extremely low quality
hopefully you got my point across and i
just wanted to say thank you again guys
i'm gonna i'm gonna sleep I Drive can't
render this video oh man my foot is
fully played nap on jeez oh hey oh you
guys my life now don't go anywhere
thanks for watching guys I'll see you
next time